------------------------------------------------------------------------
CALL FOR BIDS TO HOST COMSOC-2010

We are now soliciting bids to host COMSOC-2010, the 3rd International
Workshop on Computational Social Choice. In both 2006 and 2008, COMSOC
has been held as a 3-day meeting, attracting around 80 participants,
featuring 5 invited talks and around 36 contributed papers (all of
which were presented during plenary sessions). In 2008 the workshop
was preceded by an extra day devoted to introductory tutorials, which
were attended by around 45 participants.

If you would like to propose to host COMSOC-2010, please email you bid
to Ulle Endriss <ulle.endriss@uva.nl> and Jerome Lang <lang@irit.fr>
no later than 31 December 2008. Your proposal should cover the
following issues:

(1) Location and facilities: Where do you propose to hold COMSOC-2010?
Please state both the city and the exact location, and comment on the
suitability of the available facilities (rooms) for the scientific
programme as well as the coffee breaks. Please also comment on
accessibility and attractiveness of the location, and on the
availability of suitable (including low budget) accommodation.

(2) Organisation: Who would be the main local organiser of
COMSOC-2010? Which organisation (e.g., university) would be hosting
the workshop? Please also comment on local research groups that would
benefit from attracting COMSOC.

(3) Schedule: What dates do you suggest? The workshop should take
place between September and December 2010. Are there any local
constraints? Are you aware of any other international events that may
constrain the choice of dates? What schedule do you suggest for the
paper reviewing procedure?

(4) Budget: How do you intend to finance the workshop? Please provide
a preliminary budget. Expenses to keep in mind include: invited
speakers; printing of proceedings; coffee breaks; lunch; social
dinner; possibly room and equipment hire; possibly secretarial and
administrative support. What level of registration fees do you
anticipate and what would they cover?

Finally, please include any other issues that you consider important.

All potential proposers are encouraged to contact us informally before
submitting their bid. Please do not hesitate to get in touch with any
questions that you may have.
------------------------------------------------------------------------
