------------------------------------------------------------------------
CALL FOR BIDS TO HOST COMSOC-2012

We are now soliciting bids to host COMSOC-2012, the 4th International
Workshop on Computational Social Choice. In previous years, COMSOC has 
been held as a 3-day meeting, attracting 80-90 participants, featuring 
5 invited talks and a little under 40 contributed papers (all of which 
were presented during plenary sessions). In 2008 and 2010 the workshop 
was preceded by an extra day devoted to introductory tutorials, which 
were attended by more than half of the workshop participants.

If you would like to host COMSOC-2012, please email you bid to Ulle 
Endriss <ulle.endriss@uva.nl> and Jerome Lang <lang@lamsade.dauphine.fr>
no later than 31 December 2010. Your proposal should cover the following 
issues:

(1) Location and facilities: Where do you propose to hold COMSOC-2012?
Please state both the city and the exact location, and comment on the
suitability of the available facilities (rooms) for the scientific
programme as well as the coffee breaks. Please also comment on 
accessibility and attractiveness of the location, and on the 
availability of suitable (including low budget) accommodation.

(2) Organisation: Who would be the main local organiser of COMSOC-2012? 
Which organisation (e.g., university) would be hosting the workshop? 
Please also comment on local research groups that would benefit from 
attracting COMSOC.

(3) Schedule: What dates do you suggest? The workshop should take place 
in or around September 2012. Are there any local constraints? Are you 
aware of any other international events that may constrain the choice of 
dates? What schedule do you suggest for the paper reviewing procedure?

(4) Budget: How do you intend to finance the workshop? Please provide a 
preliminary budget. Expenses to keep in mind include: invited speakers; 
printing of proceedings; coffee breaks; lunch; social dinner; possibly 
room and equipment hire; possibly secretarial and administrative 
support. What level of registration fees do you anticipate and what 
would they cover?

Finally, please include any other issues that you consider important.

All potential proposers are encouraged to contact us informally before
submitting their bid. Please do not hesitate to get in touch with any
questions that you may have.
------------------------------------------------------------------------
